hey guys since we just want to give it
here and cry out some Riptide GP on the
LG optimus 4x shinta any she's playing
the game
i'm pretty sure i have to like a job to
kill more contain many poor together
Taggart we attack once i'm sure if you
get those like gallica 3 and remember i
don't thank you
so wrong very good over here of course
it should to in 72 so late like GK we
have have become a case which is going
on that it was feeling a little bit no
you know
let's hear too easily that I wanna see
here half an options say controls if we
can get job
I can feel a little bit it's getting
warm here on the back on the left side
on phone or mean like all the talk over
here but some really that'll be there
okay
well yeah I definitely like that optimus
4x how feel so cheap old man I think
this device is going to be a really I
mean at least with a better sailor than
the optimus 2x one that makes it a QC or
Lda teams have been doing a better job
this year cards along here so pretty
nice quick infielder have a good day